[[Terrform]] [[Infrastructure]]

Dev Ops -> Automation of CI/CD (Continuous integration and continuous development). The more there's in the platform the more you'll need to manage in dev ops. 

The professor mentioned that it is okay to say that organizations/apps can be hard to manage. Propose another solution, don't be afraid to propose ideas. Clients appreciate the recommendations.

Why CI/CD -> Continuous means that nobody wants to wait in a waterfall approach (not moving to the next stage of the project until the current one is finished) because this can be costly and take too much time. You need to be integrating and deploying continually
- Fix bugs, patches, etc. 

## Azure Dev Ops Tools

Azure boards -> similar to Jira

Azure Repos -> similar to GitHub, you store the code here. 

Azure pipeline -> this service takes the code from azure repo and deploys it where you need it. 
- Wherever you have your CICD set up. 

Azure test plans -> This is used to test code

Artifacts -> External libraries for deployment. 

There is one free pipeline included with Azure. Organizations usually buy more pipelines. *Note:* These pipelines are region dependent

In order to work with Azure CICD, you need to have the right permissions. 

## Deploying code
You do this through the pipeline, in order to deploy code to the pipeline you need a container or a VM (this is a temporary VM). 
- These temporary VMs are called *Agent Pools*

## Agent Pools 
When you are setting up agent pools you'll need to download a file, create directory with the file you downloaded, etc. There are set up steps in the documentation that you can easily follow. 

This agent you downloaded will require a token which you get with the agent download. 

*Service principal* goes inside the terraform script so that it can access services 

# Tips from professor
Don't get bugged down by everything you need to learn, take it one step at a time. Don't compare yourself to your coworkers. 

There are thousands of companies that need your specific experience. Choose one area and go deep into that 

Don't be afraid of using AI, study it and become valuable for companies. AI wont replace humans entirely. Behind AI there's a platform and you are going to operate that platform. Play to your strengths.  
- Terraform can make you valuable. 

Do practice interviews. 

