I usually write on pen and paper. the usual. old style. I have always been attracted to the old way of doing things. Cooking with fire, wearing leather boots and shoes, you know The usual. 

Today I am not writing with the usual. This time around I want to display my thoughts on the computer. A tool I use every day. I have come to appreciate computers more than ever before. 

N64, the first 'computer' I ever used. It showed me the world of video games. Gentle escape from reality. Sometimes to gentle. 

Now, my computer of choice is a self built desktop rocking Zorin Os. My first experience with the cute little penguin - Leniux. I have to be honest, Pewdiepie sort of inspired me to pull the trigger. He was damn right about it, you can watch a video about it [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVI_smLgTY0). 

It hasn't been perfect, there are certain things I had to work around, like the [Caps loc Lag ](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1338237/fix-caps-lock-delay-in-ubuntu-21-04) or my Bluetooth antenna failing and other technical stuff but anyway, it has been a good experience. A learning experience. rocky in some spots but overall good. 

Today was a good day, woke up a bit late. For which I have an excuse, I read 11/22/63 for a solid 2 hours. Ended up sleeping at around 2:30 am. I am hooked on this book. First time reading Stephen King. 

After waking up I opened my small little balcony, took in the sun, Following [Dr. Huberman's](https://www.hubermanlab.com/) recs. Produced my morning reports for work, then cooked breakfast - this time polenta, bacon and 3 eggs. 

While programs ran in my computer, I read 'What I Talk About When I Talk About Running' - Haruki Murakami. This book has reignited a long lost love I had for running. I took a break from distance running for several months, and now I am rediscovering why it brought me so much joy. 

After work, I proudly wore my Asics, Japanese designed - though not made, that was probably done somewhere in South East Asia - and headed for my running course. 

A little passage from the book that caught my attention was how Murakami described what he did while running in the rain and passed another runner. He mentioned that he exchanges a "guess-we're-both-having-it-tough kind of smile".

For the synchronicity of it all, it rained during my run. Starting my workout on my watch I ran with the water hitting my face making me feel like a viking headed to battle, filled with the hopes of sharing that smile with someone. 

I didn't pass anybody. 

Today was a good day. 