Please address any information that you believe your application would be incomplete without and that sheds more light on your unique potential to succeed in the Master of Science Information Studies program and contribute to the university community and the field or profession.   
Please limit your responses to 200 - 300 words

### What makes me unique
I started studying medicine because I had the opportunity to volunteer during high school at the red cross in my home town and I found purpose helping people. After one semester of medical school I realized this was not my vocation. I then realized that there were other ways of helping people and transferred to economics. I was attracted to this degree for its historical, physiological and even philosophical nature, alongside my passion for maths. Because I was a student with a scholarship I had to work for the university as a research assistant. I particularly enjoyed reading economic research papers and piecing together our database were we stored the necessary information for our research. The coding and organizing of information was more entertaining to me than the model building aspect 

After the I graduated and faced covid layoff I had to move back to my home town and had time to study in subjects I enjoyed, data analysis, data visualization, python, sql, etc. at a University of Texas coding bootcamp. This led me to get a job at Austin to do data analysis that used data from call centers to perform speech analytics and provide clients with information on how to improve client satisfaction. The clients were varied and each data set was different, which required adaptability and interdisciplinary knowledge. I had clients from landscaping, insurance, banking, tech, etc. Also, since this was a start up, 