[[Networking]] [[Protocols]]

Both direct traffic, but they handle different types of traffic. 

### Differences:

- Network -> It redirects traffic, but it does not look at whats inside the packets. Its a faster way of redirecting. Using an analogy, the network balancer is like a high way toll booth, it only looks at the license plate, if its allowed to go in it can, but it really doesn't check what's inside the car. 

- Application -> Like a hotel concierge, who reads your reservation details, understands what type of room you requested and directs you accordingly

## Network Load Balancer

Similar to the application load balancer:
- Listener
- Port
- Target

It works on the layer 4 (*Transport Layer*) of the OSI model, so it can support the following protocols:
- TCP traffic 
- UDP -> Good for games or voice calls. 
	- In the gaming example, think about World of Warcraft servers and layers
- And others...

It redirects traffic based on IP address and port, which is extremely fast because its based on routing decisions. This makes it capable of handling millions of requests per second. 

*You can think of it like a postal sorting facility that sorts via zip code*

Perfect for high performance scenarios like: communication, financial systems, gaming, IoT data collection

*IoT* -> We use a network load balancer because the IoT is already tuned to gather specific data, so the load balancer does not need to look at it in order to distribute it across the servers


Once there is a connection between a device and a EC2 instance or any other target, the connection is permanent for the entire life of the connection. 
- This delivers great performance 

### How to identify which instance to send traffic?
*Flow hash* -> hash value, hash code, is a numerical value generated by a hash function based on the input data. It helps ensure that incoming packets or connections are evenly distributed to achieve load balancing and optimal load utilization. 

Internal logic that puts together several components, source IP, target IP, port, etc. and with these it decides to which EC2 instance to send 


### Differences between application load balancer and network load balancer
Does not have path based routing or authentication flow.

*Path based routing* -> technique commonly used to direct incoming requests to specific backend resources based on the path in the request url.
- For example, if you are in /home and you click _Products_ it will send you to the /store directory 


### Strength
It can redirect millions of 
